what is kia's new strong point wagons of
course since their stand at the 2015
Geneva Motor Show gave us an opportunity
to see the sport space concept along
with Kia Cee'd egt line Southwest the CD
GT line pack basically mirrors the top
of the range GT version but without
offering the 16 litter gasoline turbo
engine good for 204 HP it can go on
either the hatch the coupe and the wagon
and it also makes them look really good
we spotted the Kia CD Southwest wearing
the GT line pack in Geneva and we kind
of liked how it changed the estate's
appearance starting with the quad LED
lights in the lower portion of the
bumper and finishing with the 17-inch
alloy wheels dual exhaust tips and
chunky body parts on the inside Kia GT
line comes with grey white and black
upholstery and grey stitching there's
also an aluminium pedal set for a sporty
rear along with a sports steering wheel
identical to the one in the CD GT a much
more lively alternative than the German
ones for sure and we're targeting
Volkswagen and it's golf year by the way
the kiasidira jizz set to receive a new
10 litter turbo engine that will be a
direct competitor for Ford's EcoBoost
unit we're not done yet because there's
a new gearbox coming up as well a
7-speed DCT double clutch transmission
only available with the 133 HP diesel at
the moment